Behind me is one person
from every country on Earth.
We're going to see
which country is the best
because I flew all of them here
to compete in the most extreme
version of the Olympics ever created.
We have track archery, gymnastics,
soccer and fencing,
but only one country
is going to walk away with this
$250,000 gold medal.
Are you ready for the first event?
You have 30 seconds
to get across these three hurdles
that get bigger and bigger before
this giant wall closes you out.
All right, here we go.
Three, two, one, go!
The first challenge
of the Beast Olympics has begun.
Hurry!
You got to run faster than that.
Oh, they're sprinting.
This is insanity.
The wall is closing fast.
You better hurry.
Bro, look at it.
They're like zombies.
Looks like an army of people.
First place! Look at first place!
He made that look easy.
We got one!
Indonesia got in first place.
Let's go!
They're competing
for this gold medal.
Move! Move!
Hurry up.
The wall is closing!
You got to jump.
There's only 8 seconds left.
Move!
The walls are almost closed.
Hurry up!
You guys are all one step
closer to this gold medal.
Let's go, USA.
Indonesia baby, you already know.
Let's go!
We made it, baby!
Over half the countries
were eliminated in the first game
and 97 are moving on.
Come on in.
You guys have no idea
what you're in for.
I want you all to remember
you're representing your country.
Let's reveal the next event.
Good luck, everybody.
You're going to need it.
Our next event might be
the craziest set we've ever built.
Welcome to Gymnastics!
Of death.
Send the contestants up.
Each round includes 10 countries
and only the first five people
to make it to this middle platform
move on. I don't care
if it's the five four over here.
Or if it's two from there
and three from here.
Only five are moving on.
Five, four...
skip a few, go!
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
Oh, they got some speed.
Syria flying through the course!
Come on. You can do it.
I believe in you.
Oh, no.
Syria!
Jump! Jump!
We got our first place!
Let's go!
Oh, my God!
We got our second one!
¡Vamos! ¡Vamos!
Mongolia!
You got to pass up or you're out.
You got it.
Oh, my God.
Mongolia! Come on!
Let's go!
Iraq! Just jump over!
Iraq, bro. Don't let him hold you up!
Oh, wait.
Go, Iraq! Go, go, go, go!
Oh, my God, he's stepping on him!
Algeria!
There we go!
Let's go, baby!
Bring up the next group.
And the beauty of this challenge is
we let the contestants
pick what order they jump in.
Listen, you guys must decide
who's going last.
No, no. You're not going first.
You want to sneak, sneak.
I'm telling you,
I'm going to make go down.
It's a competition.
Okay, great.
Go!
Come on, come on!
Oh, my God. Oh, boy.
Don't wait for him. Come on!
You got to go.
Go.
Bro, they're stepping over his body.
Bro, they're literally stepping
over everything.
Hey! We got our first finisher.
Get up!
Dude! This is bonkers.
Only three spots left.
There's two spots left.
My guy!
Come on, Philippines. Go!
Take it slow.
Just take it slow. Oh.
Hey, Argentina!
I don't know if this helps,
but there's one spot left
and you're the only one
still competing, so...
So, fight for it!
Fight, fight, fight. Yes!
For Messi!
Messi!
Of the ten people,
only four made it to the middle.
That is crazy.
After our second game,
things got a little crazy.
Oh no, America!
Oh, my God.
- America is out!
- America!
Whoa!
Is he going to be in?
Oh, we lost somebody!
I'm sorry. We already have five.
If you could just,
you know, just do that.
I'm sorry.
And now it's
time for our final round.
Gentlemen,
let me give you one piece of advice.
Come a little closer.
Don't fall down there.
Hey, that's a good advice.
Go!
All right, slow start.
All right. Ah, yeah.
Oh, oh, oh.
Go, go, go, go.
Fiji, go.
Not very graceful.
He's still there, though.
- There you go.
- You got it, Samoa.
Now you can walk.
Yes! Yes!
Do it for your country.
- Fiji. Do it for the water.
- Fiji, yes!
Oh, no.
Let it go, my man.
All right, Samoa.
There we go.
Alright! Two spots!
Come on, Papua! Come on!
There we go!
Let's go!
And the final five!
We lost another 50 people
during gymnastics and are
down to our last 47 countries.
Welcome, boys and one girl.
In this challenge,
each contestant gets a bow and arrow.
And if they can hit this target
from this platform, they move on.
And to make this interesting,
I'm going to have
you all place one vote
to make this event more difficult
for a country of your choice.
And for every vote they receive,
the target gets pushed back ten feet.
My country doesn't like
Israel lowkey.
A lot of people
don't like them, so...
I don't like them.
Germany. You have a history
of trying to conquer everything.
While votes were cast for countries
from all over.
One country stood out from the rest.
- Who are you voting for?
- Indonesia.
I think Indonesia
is the biggest threat.
Really?
I don't like Indonesia.
He hit Indonesia
with a smiley face too.
I'm starting to see a theme here.
You see him last round?
He was crazy.
What is that?
Indonesia.
Did you draw the country?
I drew what I thought
was the country.
All right. Now, first is Guam.
Come on up.
How many votes do you think you got?
Think I got maybe three?
- Yeah, three votes.
- Three?
Wow. You got three.
How do you know?
I go to the gym.
I'm fit and I'm agile.
This is your first time
with a bow and arrow?
Oh. That was not very promising.
Guam.
Guam! Guam! Guam!
Little short.
Any last words?
I love you too. Monaco.
You got six votes.
Ooh, la la.
Bro's got great hair.
Thank you, sir.
Does great hair
translate into great shots?
Oh, come on.
Monaco!
The prince will be proud.
All right. Yeah.
- Are you nervous?
- No, not at all.
If I lost this one,
I'll be super upset.
Oh, no!
We need that.
Robin Hood is here!
Do me a favor. Feel free to miss.
You'll just lose a $250,000 bet.
- Anything you want to say?
- Thanks for the opportunity.
Maybe next time.
For my Pacific people.
Azerbaijan.
Come on up!
Believe in yourself.
Bro, what the...
Do you want Feastable bar
before you shoot it?
These are Deez Nutz flavor.
Actually, that's my favorite.
That's a good chocolate.
- Yeah!
- He did it for Feastables!
I did it!
Yeah!
Are you nervous?
It's far, but it's not too far.
- I feel like I got it.
- Saudi Arabia.
You're the only girl remaining,
and the bow
is literally taller than you.
Yeah.
That was so close.
All right, Indonesia,
you got 12 votes.
Move that jump back
as far as she goes.
You were the first person
to finish the first round.
One of the fastest
to finish the second round.
- You should've seen this coming.
- Yeah, I know.
This is the farthest
shot of the day by far.
- What do you think of it?
- Not far enough.
- I'm kidding.
Wish me luck.
No, it was just left.
No!
You got the height,
just to the left.
I'm so sorry, Indonesians.
I tried my best.
I promise I was too big of a threat.
And with that last elimination,
we are down to only
16 countries remaining.
Contestants.
Come on in. Come on in.
Congratulations
for making it this far.
And before we do the next event,
I have an offer.
Give each of them
a briefcase with ten grand.
That's ten grand.
If you want,
you can walk away with ten grand.
If not, you could throw it in the pit
and compete in the next event.
So, it's very simple.
Oh, we already got a couple.
It's a lot of money.
Here's the thing.
Half of you
are about to get eliminated.
This is your only chance
to walk away with ten grand.
That's a lot of money, but
I'm pretty confident
I might win this.
I came here to win,
I'm gonna make everybody that's here.
He looks like somebody
that's going to settle, bro?
- I'll take it.
- You wanna take it?
Yeah.
One person took it.
- Smartest man here.
- Last one.
- Fiji, you taking it?
- Yes, sir.
Yeah, Fiji!
Fiji and Italy.
And now it's time for fencing.
We let the top finishers from track
choose their opponents.
Each pair will compete in a 1v1
game of fencing.
The first person to hit
the other wins.
Liberia.
Choose your fencing opponent.
I'll go Moldova.
Moldova, go over there
and stand beside Liberia.
Eritrea.
Who do you want to go up against?
- The last person.
- Luxembourg.
All right, come on over.
We're starting wars over here.
I'm with Tajikistan.
Tajkistan. Okay.
- Madagascar.
- Slovenia.
- Hey. You and I, buddy.
Azerbaijan.
First off, Samoa versus Azerbaijan.
I'm super pumped to bring home
the gold for Samoa.
I'm not too nervous, actually.
Oh, boy.
One of you
will move on to compete for this
and the loser will fall in the void.
Begin!
Someone's got to lunge.
Oh, man.
- Samoa won!
- Yes!
And in case you're wondering,
the suits
they're wearing,
it's rigged with technology
that will tell us
exactly who gets hit first.
This is the same stuff
they use in the real Olympics.
Make it, man. Make it, man.
Azerbaijan, please stand
in front and center.
You've been eliminated.
Next up, Iraq versus Madagascar.
Begin!
Everything's on the line.
Let's see it, Iraq.
It feels so weird to name people
by their country.
Oh, well, no, nothing so far.
- This is intense.
- I know.
Iraq won!
Let's go!
Well deserved, bro.
I love you, man. I'm sorry.
- I love you.
- Madagascar.
You are eliminated.
Slovenia versus Monaco.
- Begin!
- Oh, Monaco running in.
And while they're fighting. Oh, oh.
I want to tell you guys
about Stumble Guys,
a free to play multiplayer game
where 32 people compete
to see who wins it all.
- Oh, my God.
- How did none of that hit him?
If you're going to download
Stumble Guys, you need to act quickly
because for the next 30 days,
everyone who downloads it
gets our Mr. Beast
gold skin for free.
Oh, no, hit.
Win!
I tried my best for Monaco,
but it is what it is.
Next up, Moldova versus Liberia.
Begin! In Stumble Guys
you can play by yourself
or play with your friends
from anywhere around the world.
He's getting backed up.
Kris, watch out, Kris.
We have a new Mr. Beast skin,
Mr. Beast emote.
And even levels based on extreme
challenges from our video
Stumble Guys is available
for free on the App Store,
Google Play and Steam
coming soon in the future...
I think I literally saw a spark.
To PlayStation and Xbox.
You can download it right now,
using the link description
or going to this link.
Make sure you act quick
to get the free Mr. Beast skin.
This is intense.
Moldova!
No, Liberia!
And now for our final game,
Libya versus Montenegro.
They will be fighting over
what they're competing for.
Oh, I wish you the best of luck,
but no mercy.
Begin!
- Don't trip on the medal.
- Trip on the medal,
it's funny.
It's fine we step here, right?
What?
Come here. Come here.
He's saying come and get some.
That focus.
Oh, and the winner is Libya.
Libya is moving on.
Montenegro, I'm sorry.
It's a pleasure to fight you.
Drop him.
And with that,
I'm going to grab the gold medal
and we're off to the final event.
So far, you've seen people
from every country compete in track,
gymnastics, archery, fencing,
and now it's time
for the final event,
penalty kicks.
The rules are simple.
You kick the ball into the goal
and you move on to the next round.
But if you miss, you're out.
The seven countries
remaining are Slovenia,
Moldova, Tajikistan, Eritrea,
Libya, Iraq, and Samoa.
I kept thinking in my head, great.
Like I gave up a $10,000 suitcase.
I trusted myself.
I believe in myself and I did it.
Just want to say
there were some doubters in here
because of my age. But you know what?
Don't judge a book by its cover.
I'm doing this for Iraq.
Let's go!
I'm trying to win for my wife.
Bring out the contestants.
Come on in.
Just a reminder,
one of you is about to receive
this $250,000 gold medal.
Who wants to kick first?
I'll kick.
Okay, Slovenia is up first.
This should be easy.
I'd be shocked if he missed it.
Yeah! Sure,
the first round was easy,
but that's not going to last
very long.
Now that everyone made a goal.
- Do you know what's happening?
- I know what's happening.
Chandler, bring it on out!
The real challenge starts now.
It's about to get a lot harder.
I think this is where
we'll lose our first person.
- That's too tight.
- So much on the line.
I thought it was going to be easy.
It's only like six foot wide.
Someone's getting out.
Come on, Slovenia!
Hype them up, everybody!
Even though we made the goal smaller,
they were still scoring.
We're going to have
to make this much more difficult.
Nobody's missing.
Eventually, someone's got to miss.
- Oh, no!
- The first miss.
I'm sorry, man.
But you're eliminated.
That hurts.
I don't know where he ran to.
And now only six remain.
Instead of adding more walls,
we're just going to move
them like this a little bit.
It needs to be one Chandler wide.
All right.
Slovenia, you're up.
- Yeah.
- Wow.
The heat just doesn't stop.
Take your time.
They're dropping like flies.
I could have done better, but
it was the best five days of my life.
This is getting harder now.
Yeah, this is a competition.
And now only five remain.
I'm going to win you!
Yeah, baby!
All right, Samoa. You're up.
It could all come down to this.
The fans think it's Samoa.
Samoa! Samoa!
It hit the X.
Obviously, it's disappointing
not to be able to win,
but it was phenomenal.
I think I did my people proud.
I'm sorry, man.
Every country on the planet
has competed in these games.
And we're now on our final two,
Libya and Slovenia.
One of you is going to walk away
with this $250,000 gold medal.
Jimmy is going to do a plot twist.
It's a big one.
Boys, can you remove the walls?
Instead of walls
You each are going to take turns
being goalkeepers.
Yes.
We go until someone scores
and someone doesn't.
- Pretty simple.
- I'm going to catch it.
I'm nervous.
- That faked me out.
He's ice cold.
Well, after that,
now he has to make it.
- He blocked it!
- Yeah!
Yeah!
If you make this shot,
you officially win our Olympics.
I can't believe this.
All you have to do is make the shot
and you've won.
I'm going to win.
Yeah!
Yes, I win!
It's 20 pounds be careful.
The golden medal.
I can't believe this.
You can probably sell this
for $250,000 tomorrow.
And Slovenia gets silver.
- Silver is my color, though.
- Congratulations!
Amazing!
And that's it for first Olympics.
Not only did they get these medals,
but everyone who competed got $2,000.
I hope you enjoyed.
See you in the next video.
This is for Libya!